Add rx effects (#569)
rx-angular/rx-angular: libs/state/docs/rx-effects.md

# Resources

**Example applications:**  
A demo application is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/BioPhoton/rx-angular-state-rx-effects).

# Motivation

> In certian cases we have some side effects present in components.
> As side effects by definition do not introduce state changes directly the management and maintainance of side effecs should not be tied to the `RxState` service.
> For this very reason all side effect management is organized in the `RxEffecfts` service.
> 
> Side effects in general are always a potential leak in our architecture or memory it self if not cleaned up correctly.
> In Angular specifically as they should be tightly coupled to the component life cycle and get cleaned up at latest when the component got cleaned up.
> 
> If we not only consider imperative but also reactively drive side effects a clean implementation ends up to be pretty wordy and boilerplatey.
> 
> We have to get hold of Angular's `OnDestroy` method and either unsubscribe in that method, or use it as trigger in other places with e.g. the `takeUntil`operator.
> 
> Using `takeUntil` to run the clean up logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many situations where you need to manage side effects inside your components.
In the context of state management every piece of code which does not manipulate, transform or read state can be considered as side effect.
Side effects can be triggered by state changes though.

Side effects (most of the time coming from subscriptions) always yield the potential of a memory leak if not cleaned up correctly.
Like local state, local side-effects need to be coupled to the lifecycle of the component.

To accomplish this, we need to make sure to clean up every side effect in the `OnDestroy` method. Here we can de-reference local variables and unsubscribe open subscriptions.

With `RxEffects` RxAngular introduces another light weight tool only designed to manage local side-effects.
```

```ts
@Component({
  // ...
})
export class FooComponent implements OnDestroy {
  // ⚠ Notice: The destroy hook must be reactive to use `takeUntil`
  private readonly destroy$ = new Subject<void>();

  constructor() {
    effect$
      .pipe(
        takeUntil(this.destroy$)
        // ⚠ Notice: Don't put any operator after takeUntil to avoid potential subscription leaks
      )
      .subscribe(doSideEffect);
  }

  ngOnDestroy(): void {
    // ⚠ Notice: Never forget to cleanup the subscription
    this.destroy$.next();
  }
}
```

Using the `subscription` to run the clean up logic.

```ts
@Component({
  // ...
})
export class FooComponent implements OnDestroy {
  // ⚠ Notice: The created subscriptin must be stored to `unsubscribe` later
  private readonly subscription: Subscription;

  constructor() {
    // ⚠ Notice: Never forget to store the subscription
    this.subscription = effect$.subscribe(doSideEffect);
  }

  ngOnDestroy(): void {
    // ⚠ Notice: Never forget to cleanup the subscription
    this.subscription.unsubscribe();
  }
}
```

> In RxAngular we think the essential problem here is the call to `subscribe` itself. Same as `RxState`, `RxEffects` is a component only provider that is tied to the components life cycle.
> We can hand over `Observables` for the reactive side effects as well as a `Subscription` from other already started `Observables` the a method called `register`.
> To also provide an imperative way for developers to unsubscribe from the side effect `register` returns an "asyncId" similar to `setTimeout`.
> This can be used later on to call `unregister` and pass the async id retreived from a previous `register` call. This stops and cleans up the side effect when invoked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In RxAngular we think the essential problem here is the call to `subscribe` itself. All `Subscription`s need to get unsubscribed manually which most of the time produces heavy boilerplate or even memory leaks if ignored or did wrong. 
Like `RxState`, `RxEffects` is a local service provided by a component and thus tied to the components life cycle.
We can manage `Observables` as reactive triggers for side effects or manage `Subscription`s which internally hold side effects.
To also provide an imperative way for developers to unsubscribe from the side effect `register` returns an "asyncId" similar to `setTimeout`.
This can be used later on to call `unregister` and pass the async id retreived from a previous `register` call. This stops and cleans up the side effect when invoked.
```
